Toolheads/EdwardYeeks_Voron2.2/README.md, before:

# V2.2 Toolhead for Sherpa Mini - Release 1

This is a toolhead and X carriage for the Sherpa Mini Extruder based off the original V2.2 design. It is a dual rail variant. It has been tested to fit in V2.2 gantry; in CAD, it just fits in a V2.4/V1.8 assembly and you will need to check accordingly if the blower fans may interfere with the xy joints in your printer build.

Currently, it supports the Dragon Hotend only. Probe options include the Omron probe and the Magnetic Microswitch probe from Annex. There is also an option that is compatible with Denali/V1.8 gantry; you need only choose and print the right X carriage for these printers.

![Image of V2.2 X Carriage](./Images/v2.2_sherpa_toolhead_carriage_mod.png)

## Parts Required

Refer to our [sourcing guide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1O3eyVuQ6M4F03MJSDs4Z71_XyNjXL5HFTZr1jsaAtRc/htmlview#) for recommended vendors. The eDrawings also allows you to view the assembly and parts.

- 2x M3X16mm SHCS
- 1x M3X20mm SCHS (for Omron X-Carriage only)
- 4x M3X12mm SCHS
- 2x M3X16mm SHCS
- 3x M3x30mm SHCS (4x for Omron X-Carriage)
- 6x M3X8mm SHCS
- 4X M3X6mm BHCS
- 10x M2X8mm self tapping screws (add 2x for Denali/V1.8 carriage only, to mount the microswitch)
- 2x M3 OpenBuilds M3 Tee Nuts (for belt clamps)
- 6x M3 nuts
- 10X Heatset Inserts (3x5x4mm)
- 1x 4010 axial fan (hotend cooling)
- 2x 4010 blower fan (parts cooling)
- 1x Omron TL-Q5MC2 probe
- 4x 3x6mm magnets (for magnetic microswitch carriage only)
- Wire connectors of your choice

Commit message:

Initial commit of Release 2
- push cooling blower fans forward by 4mm to allow clearance for V1.8 and V2.4 gantries.
- move microswitch inwards a little bit for V1.8/Denali x carriage.
- now only supports 4010 axial fan for hotend
- now only has the updated focussed cooling duct edition

Toolheads/EdwardYeeks_Voron2.2/README.md, after:

# V2.2 Toolhead for Sherpa Mini - Release 2

This is a toolhead and X carriage for the Sherpa Mini Extruder based off the original V2.2 design. Compared to the original toolhead, the blower fans have been moved forward by 4mm to provide clearance for V1.8/V2.4 gantries while still clearing the front panel at Y-min. It is a dual rail variant.

It is a direct drop in for V2.2, V2.4 and Denali gantries. For V1.8, a loss of ~2-4mm in the x-axis total travel is expected.

Currently, it supports the Dragon Hotend only. Probe options include the Omron probe and the Magnetic Microswitch probe from Annex. There is also an option that is compatible with Denali/V1.8 gantry; you need only choose and print the right X carriage for these printers.

![Image of V2.2 X Carriage](./Images/v2.2_sherpa_toolhead_carriage_mod_rev2.png)

## Parts Required

Refer to our [sourcing guide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1O3eyVuQ6M4F03MJSDs4Z71_XyNjXL5HFTZr1jsaAtRc/htmlview#) for recommended vendors. CAD is also provided to allow you to view the assembly and parts.

- 2x M3X16mm SHCS
- 1x M3X20mm SCHS (for Omron X-Carriage only)
- 4x M3X12mm SCHS
- 2x M3X16mm SHCS
- 3x M3x30mm SHCS (4x for Omron X-Carriage)
- 6x M3X8mm SHCS
- 4X M3X6mm BHCS
- 10x M2X8mm self tapping screws (+ 2x for Denali/V1.8 carriage only, to mount the microswitch)
- 2x M3 OpenBuilds M3 Tee Nuts (for belt clamps)
- 6x M3 nuts
- 10X Heatset Inserts (3x5x4mm)
- 1x 4010 axial fan (hotend cooling)
- 2x 4010 blower fan (parts cooling)
- 1x Omron TL-Q5MC2 probe (for omron carriage option)
- 4x 3x6mm magnets (for magnetic microswitch carriage only)
- Wire connectors of your choice
